== README
Title: Computer Science Mentorship Website

Team Members: Jessica Lynch, Noah Dillon, Andrew Gordon

Project Description:  This website will be a website that provides social networking as well as mentor for young, aspiring
computer science enthusiasts.  They will be able to create profiles and connect with one another to find events involving
programming, for example a hackathon or lecture, with the additional functionality of being able to find a mentor.  A
mentor is a user of the site that is more knowledgeable or accomplished than the 'mentee' are and will be there to provide 
special advice to their mentees on whatever project they are working on.  This will be available to all users of the site;
for example, a high school student might request help from a college student in the school of computer science, and that 
same college student may seek help from someone with a job in the programming industry in whatever field they aspire to 
rise into.  No one is limited to one mentor.

Models, Views, Controllers:
Users: This Model will be for profiles.  There will be a New.html view for new users and a profile page view for your
personal page.  The purpose of this is to have space in the database for each user's personal information such as name,
location, area of expertise, etc.  This controller will provide functionality to create new users as well as edit existing
information.  



This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.
